README.md, before:

[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/ossUser-ofc?label=Follow&style=social)](https://github.com/ossUser-ofc)


# About Me

Welcome to my GitHub. I focus on building systems, tools, and workflows that combine practical engineering with strategic use of AI.

## Projects

### LearnArc [![LearnArc](https://img.shields.io/badge/LearnArc-Project-blue)]() 

Learnarc is a powerful tool allowing users to keep ahead of there homework, revision and notes. (Quizes coming soon!)

### Groq API [![Groq API](https://img.shields.io/badge/Groq%20API-Developer-green)]()

### Swift Apps Collection [![Swift Apps Collection](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift%20Apps%20Collection-Community-orange)](discord.gg/gCeTzyepFg)

### jetkvm-os
This is a simple porteus kiosk that boots into JetKVM Website to connect to anny device remotely. 

## What I Work On
- Building a perfect and cheap homelab
- Vibe Codding useful sites
- Building a vast collection of Swift 6 iPadOS Apps
## Community
I run the Swift Apps Collection Discord server, built around the Swift Apps Collection Repo.   

## Approach
I am an enthusiastic hobiast who vibe codes to save time and loves exploring the expanding world of AI

## Links
GitHub: https://github.com/ossUser-ofc

Commit message:

Enhance README with Swift Apps Collection details
Added a description for the Swift Apps Collection.

README.md, after:

[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/ossUser-ofc?label=Follow&style=social)](https://github.com/ossUser-ofc)


# About Me

Welcome to my GitHub. I focus on building systems, tools, and workflows that combine practical engineering with strategic use of AI.

## Projects

### LearnArc [![LearnArc](https://img.shields.io/badge/LearnArc-Project-blue)]() 

Learnarc is a powerful tool allowing users to keep ahead of there homework, revision and notes. (Quizes coming soon!)

### Groq API [![Groq API](https://img.shields.io/badge/Groq%20API-Developer-green)]()

### Swift Apps Collection [![Swift Apps Collection](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift%20Apps%20Collection-Community-orange)](discord.gg/gCeTzyepFg)
The Swift Apps Collection is a collection of apps made by ossUser-ofc, cubedisk, randomguy-swift using the assistance of AI. This includes broswers, HTML runners, media players and more. 

### jetkvm-os
This is a simple porteus kiosk that boots into JetKVM Website to connect to anny device remotely. 

## What I Work On
- Building a perfect and cheap homelab
- Vibe Codding useful sites
- Building a vast collection of Swift 6 iPadOS Apps
## Community
I run the Swift Apps Collection Discord server, built around the Swift Apps Collection Repo.   

## Approach
I am an enthusiastic hobiast who vibe codes to save time and loves exploring the expanding world of AI

## Links
GitHub: https://github.com/ossUser-ofc
